"I dunno man, this seems like a bad idea"

"You're a bad idea"

"Dude, seriously, she said no. Nothing good's gonna come of this."

"I think I'll be the judge of that."

Clark stared emptily at his glass, sweeping off little drops of condensation and rolling them between his fingers. "Listen Will, we've been friends a long time. You know I've got your back, but this is a little much, even for you. I'm tellin' you, no good's gonna come of this. At best, you don't get caught and you keep obsessing about her. At worst..." His voice trailed off a bit, but came back with a bit more conviction. "I'm not bailing you outa jail. Not again."

"You don't know what you're talking about," I snapped back. "I just get that feeling, you know. I think it's really gonna work out." This amount of concern from him was unusual. He had to have some kind of ulteriour motive. "What's with you tonight, anyways? You're ususally more fun."

Clark stirred uncomfortably in his chair. He set his drink down and leaned back, staring at the floor, seemingly lost in the pattern of the old floorboards. The stillness hung in the air for what seemed like an hour.

"Mary's pregnant," he said "We found out a week ago."

Not at all what I had expected.

"We're moving back to Lubbock. Her dad says he's got a job open there for me. We're leaving towards the end of the month."

"So when were you planning on cluing me in?"

"You know how it is, Will."

"The hell I do! My best friend dumps on me that he's leaving? What's wrong with you?"

I watched as my words struck him one by one. His face writhed back in recoil. Eventually it gave way to a stone, frozen expression.

"I knew this was a bad idea, Mary told me not to come with you tonight. I thought it would be okay, but I guess I expected a bit much of you."

"You're probably right. She runs your life for you anyways, why not this too?"

I slammed my beer down on the table and headed out into the cold December rain. What did I need him for anyways? I kicked through a particularly wide puddle, soaking my left foot in the process. I quickened my pace. For all I cared, he could just go off and die. It didn't matter to me.

I threw the door to the van open and slammed it forcefully behind me. As I slumped back in my seat, I watched the thick droplets of rain gather up the smaller ones, cascading down my windshield to oblivion.