The early light of dawn crept through my van's windows. I sighed. So much for a good night's sleep. Then again, maybe that was more than I deserved. I closed my eyes and tried to wash out the thoughts.

I sat up and unzipped my sleeping bag. I had things to do today. Never mind last night. I rolled it back up and tucked it into the small cupboard. I climbed into the front seat and grabbed hold of my keys. As I put the key in the ignition, I paused. "Who the hell are you?" I told myself. I let my own words sink in for a bit. No answer came, only the distant chirping of the birds. "Fuck it." I turned my key and was off.

I don't really remember anything about the drive. It all seems like such a blur now, like my mind is blocking everything out. Well.... Not everything, I guess. I grabbed my duffle bag and set off for the gym. I laid everything out and climbed into the shower. The warm droplets of water began to wash away my tiredness. I breathed in the thick forming steam and let out a huge sigh.

"Well, I guess I need to talk to her today. She'll be wondering where I was last night."

"It's also been a while since I checked the fluids on the van. I'll need to do that today. I could readjust the solar panels while i'm at it."

It felt good to plan. Planning wasn't something I did very often, but today it felt like I was giving a bit of purpose to my life. I began to feel a little better.

"Man, I don't know what's up with that girl, but it sounded like she was getting murdered last night."

A voice broke my internal monologue.

"What, you mean the blonde chick in 233? What happened?"

I froze. "No, you're just being stupid." I thought to myself "It can't possibly be..."

"Yeah, I knocked on her door and she told me to leave her alone. She said it was just a bad headache."

"Eh, maybe"

"Bullshit, that amount of screaming, that's no fuckin' headache. She's hiding something. I can feel it."

It was Jen. It had to be. God, why?

"Man, it's a good thing you never asked her out. Chick like that's gotta be crazy."

The voices trailed off. The shower felt suddenly cold. "There's no way. It's not possile. Yeah I was upset, but that... It's not possible."

My words were of little reasurance. Everything that happened last night was my fault. I was the one who couldn't let it go. I was the one who had to see it for myself. I was the one that wished.... Fuck. I shut off the water, but all I could do was to stand there dripping, letting the little pools of droplets cascade down me, down a monster. I let that sink in a bit. A monster. I mean, I guess it's fair. I'm hardly normal.

"I guess it would make it easier," I mused, donning my clothes. "I wouldn't have to worry about things. It would just be.... me, I guess." I set off out of the locker room and back toward the front door. I turned to give my usual wave to the greeter, expecting my usual "Have a nice day." This time, none came. This time I was instead greeted by a shriek of terror. "What's wrong?" I began, only be drowned out by the screaming. I turned quickly and noticed everyone in the room staring at me, their eyes widened in horror. What the hell was going on?

Soon the receptionists's screaming was echoed in a great chorus as people scrambled from their machines, tripping over themselves as they made for the far corner of the room.

"What's wrong with all of..." Uh oh. I wiped my face fervently, leaving a fresh smear of blood on my sleeve. "Damn it. I have to get out of here." I took off sprinting for the van, the screams of those inside hastening my every step.

I sped off down the street, toward the freeway. There would be a leage member here any minute. I weaved through at least half a dozen cars, screaming through several lights. Never mind the consequences, I had to get out of here.

As the city faded into a small blip in my mirror, I finally allowed myself a deep breath. I wiped my face with the towel behind the seat. Another large smear of blood. "I need a place to wait this out," I told myself. "Somewhere I won't be followed." As each exit faded into the next, I slowly began to calm myself. "Alright. I think it's over," I reassured myself. I grabbed the towel again. No more blood. "I guess we're okay."

I pulled off the highway onto a dusty farm road. I let my head collapse back into my seat rest. "What the hell is wrong with me?"
